I tried giving this anime a chance, I really did. I know many animes take a while to get into things, but 64 episodes in, and I have given up on this shitshow completely.
	   	       	  	   	  	      		  	  
In the first season, I had high hopes. We were introduced to many cute waifus early on, such as Mikasa, Sasha, Armin, etc., but they show almost no skin. Fan service is essential for any anime, but the directors and animators of this show were so arrogant they thought that they didn't even need to include it to be successful. This is a recurring problem, and there are so many missed opportunities in each season, including Gabri wearing a night dress instead of a tight bikini. The only skin we ever see is in season 3 part 2. After the whole erwin and armin, fiasco we end up seeing armin shirtless, but it turns out she is flat AF.
  	 	       		       	     	  	       	      	   
I skipped season 2, so I will just talk about seasons 3 and 4. In the first part of season 3, it is pretty much just talking and no action. The most exciting part was when Armin has Aaron chained up and there is mad sexual tension, but of course, it ends with nothing sexual happening at all. I stopped watching season 3 part 1 right there.
    	      	  	  	      	 	       		   	    
In season 3 part 2, people whose names I forgot who were Aaron's friends are suddenly evil and titans? Aaron fights them and blah blah blah and suddenly we go to his dad's story which is completely irrelevant to the plot. I skimmed through the last few episodes and saw no titans fighting so I just stopped watching.
  	    	  	       	 	   	    	      	 
With season 4, I was hopeful because a new studio was taking over and maybe they could improve this heaping pile of dog shit, but my hope was quickly extinguished when i saw gabriella's attire, as i mentioned earlier. This last episode was straw that broke the camels back when they did not play the ost i wanted at the end when Erin transormed. RIght when i finished that episode I spammed all of MAPPA's staff telling them how worthless they were for not playing you see big girl.
	   	     	   		   	      	       	     	 
This might just be the worst anime of all time, and that is no exaggeration. It is somehow number 2 on the rankings right now, so I am gonna make as many accounts as I can and rate this trash a 1. Anyone who enjoys this anime is too easily entertained and must have a very low IQ.
       	      	   	       	 	    	  	      	   	       
We all know about it, and we all see it. It's obvious. Nobody ever wants to admit it, but it's there.
	       	   	  	 	     	 	       	     	       
People on this subreddit hate the alliance.    	  	   	     
	    		       	       	   	    	   	     	    
The first question to ask: why? Why do you all hate them? The obvious answer: you didn't understand aot's message at its core.
    	 	  	     	      	   	      	       	   	     
Likely explanation: I know that most of you are around 14 or 15 years old. That means you only got into aot in the last couple years. So you never understood it's message.
	   	      		     	   	       	  	       
And because you didn't understand its core , you try to compensate for that by diving into edgy and dumb ending theories.But here's the thing: aot is not just defind by the end.The moment somebody brings up " rumbling should win" and AnR theories I know they know nothing about aot.
		       		
Aot story cannot be encapsulated just the end. It's the greatest manga ever, and one of the 5 best stories in fiction.

So when I hear somebody say that hxh or fma is better than aot, I laugh, because I know that anybody who watched aot at its peak wouldn't think that. Unlike you guys, I have read aot for a significant amount of time, so I know that aot is better.

You might be jealous of aot's success, or jealous of its status as the greatest story in manga history, or whatever. Unless you're a beserk fan who read the manga in the 90s, or a monster fan who read it in the 2000s, you don't know what real, well executed, destined to greatness story looks like. And there's nothing wrong with that.

This sub would make you think that alliance plot is not a top 100 plot ever.

So don't go spouting bullshit about stories you didn't understand. Talk about your "greats" like hxh or fma "Best stories in the World", but leave the aot talk to the adults. Fair?
